Customer Experience Playbook

01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08TABLE OF CONTENT
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs
Team Engagement & Recognition
Cx Audits, reports and Governance
AnnexureFrom Founders’ Desk
Message from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!
Customer Journey Touchpoints

Seven years ago, we embarked on a coffee adventure in India, and today, I stand in
awe of what we've built together. Our journey has been fuelled by your unwavering
dedication and commitment making a difference one cup at a time. Each cup of
coffee poured is a testament to the passion and hard work that you, our stellar team,
bring to the table every day. Customer centricity has been the heartbeat of our brand.
It's what sets us apart and keeps our customers coming back. Our customers feel the
pride and passion you infuse into every cup. As we move towards journey of
becoming AMAZING!, we bring to you TWC Customer Experience Playbook, guiding us
toward new heights of customer excellence. Your commitment has brought us this
far, and I have full confidence that it will propel us even further. Let's not just meet
expectations; let's exceed them by making it happen, consistently. Thank you for   From Founders’ Desk...
Welcome to Third Wave Coffee
Customer Experience Playbook
next seven years and beyond!being the driving force behind our success. Here's to the
-Ayush, Anirudh & Sushant.
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

Aug’23 Sept’23 Oct’23 Nov’23
3.72 3.43 3.38 3.79Message from our customers...
What are customers saying about us? What is data telling us? (NPS)
“Very nice service and
environment at the
outlet. This was the first
time we visited, and we
would be happy to visit
again.”“Great staff!!! keep taste,
ambience aside... super
helpful, super cheerful and
ensures that customers are
delighted!”
“Staff behaviour was
good.....taste was
irresistible....just loved it”“Lovely place to have
some food and coffee
with family.”“The staff was not
welcoming yesterday.
especially yesterday and
also felt she did not like
the customizing of the
drink .”
“Very late delivery and
coffee became cold.”
“The cinnamon bun was
dry and tasted like it was a
few days old. It was not
fresh, did not like it.”“I got great guidance from
the barista on popular
drinks to try. I liked what
he recommended to me. It
tasted really good.”“Both items were really
good. The croissant could
have had a bit more salt
in it. The chicken filling
was well seasoned
though.”“Amazing coffee! Just the
right amount of coffee &
sugar! Best place to get
your caffeine fix for the
day!!!”“The staff took 20mins to
give us our Americanos and
I had to take it
away.”
“This is a wonderful
place, and the service is
great!”
We are good but lack consistency,
We are not AMAZING yet!CPI Score
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

Consistent
Going
 Beyond
Genuine
Warmth
Foundations:Consistent experience
delivered to customers
across all locations
Culture of going above
and beyond for
customers
Pride and enthusiasm to
make it happen
Knowledgeable, Competent & Confident Team
Well defined policies, processes and recipes Journey from Good to AMAZING!
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

Journey from Good to AMAZING!
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

Genuine WarmthConsistentGoing Beyond
Maintaining a
uniform and reliable
level of service
quality and
standards across all
customer
interactions,
channels, and
touchpoints.
Everytime,
EverywhereMaking it
happen!Team making
active efforts to
do that much
more for
customers needs
and
requirements.Sincere and authentic
display of
friendliness, kindness,
and empathy.
Interacting with
customers in a way that
makes them feel
genuinely valued, cared
for, and appreciated.
Value & CareSpirit of being a YES brand with Spirit of being a YES brand with
confidence confidence
Establish positive spirit in both Establish positive spirit in both
customers and teams customers and teams
Nudge the teams to think above and Nudge the teams to think above and
beyond beyond
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

 Clear direction
for customer
experience  IMPACT ON TEAMS IMPACT   ON CUSTOMERSService standards
customers can
expect from usMotivation for
making customers
happy
 Trust in TWC
team to prioritize
their needsUpholding
TWC standards
through quality
of coffee,
beverage, food
and service
Going above and
beyond to helpOutcomes:
- Employee pride
- Skilled people
- Internal growth
Outcomes:
- Improvement in
NPS
- Decrease in
complaints
- Improved Brand
Association
 If the TWC experience is not delivered, or not delivered consistently, the customer’s trust will be broken. Not only they will take
their business to competitors, this will paint the brand in bad light!
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

In-Store
ExecutionRedefined Customer
Journey Touchpoint
Well
Groomed
and Skilled
Teams
following
SOPs and
Policies
Team Engagement &
Recognition (for
 Cx Behaviors)Cx Audits,
reports and
GovernanceFocus on
Consistency
Focus on
Knowledgeable and
competent employees
Focus on Reinforcing
positive indicatorsFocus on
Result
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

COFFEECHEERFUL WELCOMEFRIENDLY AND ENJOYABLE
ACCURATE SERVICEEXPERIENCE
ORDERTAKING ENTHUSIASTIC EXITFEEDBACK WITH
ASSISTANCE SOLUTIONSTEP 1
STEP 2STEP 3
STEP 4STEP 5
STEP 6Engage the
customer
Suggestive Selling
Upselling
Billing
Table Number
Thank Customer
Recognize
customers &
 greet them with a
smileDeliver order
 in a polite, friendly
 & helpful mannerCheck back with
customers and
resolve
any issue
Create a calm,
clean
environment for
customers to
enjoy their timeEnd on a high
note, thank all
customers for
choosing to visit
usCustomer Journey Touchpoints
Reworked Scripts
for all
touchpointsScenarios,
troubleshooting
and exceptionsComplaint handling,
2nd ordering and Say
Yes inclusionsEmpowerment level
for Store team
prescribed
*For more details refer annexure.
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

2-step Skill Level Mapping
Step 1 - Station Observation Checklist completed by MOD
Step 2 - Trainer Skill Assessment completed by regional trainers
Access to all recipes through FRM, BRM and LMS Male and Female
Grooming Stds
Grooming Kits for Cafe
Teams Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs
TWC SOPs: Grooming Standards
Beginner Level
Intermediate Level
Expert Skill Level
Champion LevelCoffee Skill
Product Skill
Cx Skill
*For more details refer annexure.
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure“Ops Process Manual
and LMS"

Team Engagement & Recognition
*For more details refer annexure.   How does the Cx Champ nomination work?
Each Area Manager carefully assesses and picks customer experience Stories / Verbiages for his patch.
Post screening, the AM nominates ONE person along with the customer accolade for his respective
patch for the month.
Regional Managers finally decide the Cx ChampsHappy Stories / Instance should have a legitimate supporting
This to be sent by the 5th of every month without fail
Cx Champ Leaderboard will be published Fortnightly
Performance Recognition and Incentive will be given
Monthly, Quarterly & Annually1.
2.
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

Cx Audits, reports and Governance
*For more details refer annexure.We have two metrics to govern our cx and measure customer satisfaction scores.
CPI Customer Pulse Index (CPI) 1. 2. NPS
NPS is based on a single, straightforward question: "On a scale of
0 to 10, how likely are you to recommend
[company/product/service] to a friend or colleague?"
How is it measured? How is it measured?
Note - A higher NPS indicates higher customer
loyalty and satisfaction.NPS = % Promoters - % DetractorsPromoters (score 9-10)
Passives (score 7-8)
Detractors (score 0-6)CPI is a ‘Single-metric’ approach to assess and analyse
overall customer sentiment for the brand.
Data scope: Ratings from ALL platforms will
be considered.
Data Input: ONLY Neutral & Negative ratings
will be computed (i.e. Rating 1 / 2 / 3)
Measuring CPI: Total of (Neutrals +
Negatives) per 1000 orders
From Founders’ DeskMessage from our customers
Journey from Good to AMAZING!Customer Journey Touchpoints Team Engagement & Recognition
Grooming, Skill Levels and SOPs Cx Audits, reports and GovernanceAnnexure

ANNEXURE

CHEERFUL
WELCOMETouchpoint #1

Objective
•Create a Positive First Impression & Enhance Overall Customer Experience : The initial interaction sets the tone for the entire customer experience. A warm
and friendly welcome immediately establishes a positive impression of the cafe. A friendly and welcoming atmosphere contribut es to the overall ambiance
and atmosphere of the cafe, making it a more pleasant place for customers to spend their time.
•Make Customers Feel Valued and Appreciated : Welcoming customers shows that you acknowledge their presence and appreciate their business. This helps
them feel valued and respected.
•Build Rapport : A friendly welcome helps in building a connection with the customer.
In summary, welcoming customers in a cafe is a fundamental aspect of customer service that serves to create a positive atmosp here, make customers feel valued, and
set the stage for a pleasant and memorable dining experience.
How does CHEERFUL GREETING Impact?
Great Welcome Great Customer
experienceBuilds bond between
customer and the
teamHigh repeat
frequencyEnhancing Brand
image
NEW CUSTOMERS EXISTING CUSTOMERS FOR BUSINESS
• A warm and polite welcome makes them feel
at ease in a new place and situation .
• Creates a positive first impression.
• A warm welcome will make them feel valued
and that they made a good choice by
choosing our brand.• It makes them feel acknowledged and
respected.
• It makes them feel recognised and valued for
being a regular loyal customer.• Sets a standard for excellent customer service.
• Helps in building a rapport with the customer.
• A good welcome sets the tone for the
customer’s entire stay.Why is CHEERFUL GREETING important?
What happens if we miss to WELCOME our customers?
1. Does not create a positive impression of the brand
2. Failing to greet customers can make them feel ignored or
unimportant.
3. The customers might feel uneasy in the new place
CONSEQUENCESCritical about everything
Negative Reviews
Impacts rest of their experience
Negative Reputation to the brand
Doesn’t set us apart

Who should Greet? How to Greet? (Script) Going above and beyond Brand Value
Any team member within 2 -meter
rule should greet and welcome the
customer –either verbally OR
through eye contact and smileIf you are within 2 meters (approx..) of
customer, smile gently with audible
tone of Voice
“Hi, Welcome to Third Wave”The minimum standard of Welcoming a
customer at TWC is greeting with gentle
smile.
You can also extend the welcome by
helping them find a table, answering their
queries, offering assistance when needed,
etc.
When greeting kids, you TWC offers space for customers to relax and
enjoy their time over cup of coffee, hence we
do not loudly Greet the customer at a distance.
This can disturb other customers.
TWC does not include opening the
door as mandatory deployment
positionIf you are far away from customer and
notice customer entering,
“Smile gently with eye contact”If not preoccupied with other
customers, you may walk up to the door
to greet them.TWC Gold Standard | CHEERFUL GREETING: FOLLOW THE 2 METER RULE
All customers entering TWC premises must be WELCOMED & GREETED between their journey from entrance to POS.
DO’S DON’TS
Always make Eye contact and Smile while greeting the customerDon’t invade personal space of customer, maintain sufficient distance. Never
touch the children without parent’s permission.
Offer help when a customer needs assistance
Example:
• Open the door if customer is handicap, holding multiple bags, for kids etc Do not ignore/avoid/miss/neglect to greet a customer due to distractions like
being on a call, looking at phone, chatting with other employees, etc.,
Maintain 2 -3 feet distance from the customerDo not have a negative body language (Crossing your arms over your chest,
playing with your hair or jewellery, leaning against the table or counter)
While conversing, maintain a medium voice pitch and pace and sound excited. The
customer should feel you are happy to help them
• Voice Pitch: The sound volume of the voice when speaking ( eg, high voice,
low voice)
• Pace: Speed of talking (fast, slow)Avoid discrimination or bias against any caste, creed, gender, religion, age, skin
colour, clothing, physical and mental disabilities, etc.,
Ensure you are well groomed & hygiene to make a great first impressionDo’s & Don’ts of CHEERFUL GREETING

Step 1 Welcome Action/Sequence Tone Body Language (Maintain a genuine SMILE
throughout)Script
Scenario Family with 1 small
kid, 2 senior
citizens & a young
lady walks in the
café{Greet the kids
1st, by reaching
out to them,
followed by senior
citizens & the
lady}Friendly & excited Bend/kneel down while talking to the kids. Rise up
while greeting the senior citizens & the lady.Hello (for kids), Good
morning/evening, welcome to
Third Wave (To the rest of the
people in the group)
Scenario A group of
teenagers walk inOpen the door if
you are close to
the entrance. Friendly & excited Wave at the customers & maintain the eye
contactHi! Good morning/evening,
welcome to Third Wave.
Scenario A lady walks in
with multiple
shopping bags  Open the door &
offer to carry the
bagsFriendly Reach the door quickly & open the door and say Hi Mam/Sir, Welcome to Third
Wave.
May I carry those bags for you?
Or Can I help you find a table?
Scenario Physically
Handicapped
customers enters
the caféOpen the door &
offer to assist
them Friendly &
EmpatheticReach the door quickly & open the door and say Hello Mam/Sir, Welcome to
Third Wave.
{extend a helping hand & Say}
Pls allow me to assist you.
Scenario Regular customer
enters the caféOpen the door if
possibleFriendly & excited Wave at the customer with a smile. Hello Mam/Sir, Welcome to
Third Wave.
Good to see you!
Scenario New customer
enters the caféFriendly & excited Good morning/evening
Mam/sir, Welcome to Third
Wave.
Scenario A customer,
carrying a baby &
handbag enters
the caféReach the door quickly & open the door and say Hi Mam, Welcome to third
wave. Let me carry the bags for
you mam. OR Allow me to
assist you with the bags mam.CHEERFUL GREETING | Scenarios

ORDER
TAKING
ASSISTANCE
Touchpoint #2

Objective
•Accurate Recording :The primary objective istoaccurately record and document customer orders .This ensures that the kitchen prepares the correct items,
minimizing mistakes and customer dissatisfaction .
•Efficiency and Speed :Order taking should beefficient and timely .This helps inreducing wait times forcustomers intheque and ensures that thekitchen can
prepare orders promptly .
•Customization and Special Requests :Agood order -taking system should allow forcustomization oforders toaccommodate special requests ordietary
restrictions .This demonstrates flexibility and attentiveness tocustomer needs .
•Up-selling and Suggestive -selling :Order takers canusetheir interaction with customers tosuggest additional items orupgrades, which canincrease revenue for
thebusiness .Suggest additional items that complement acustomer's order .Forexample, suggesting adessert togowith acoffee ortea.
•Accuracy inPayment Processing :Accurate order taking isessential forensuring that customers arecharged thecorrect amount fortheir orders .This helps to
maintain trust and transparency and reduces thelikelihood ofdisputes orrefund requests from customers who received incorrect orunsatisfactory orders .
Well Assisted  Order -
Taking  Informed customer
choiceAccuracy and speedy
serviceCustomer gets variety
and value for moneyGreat
Customer
ExperienceHow does ORDER TAKING ASSSTANCE Impact?
Why is ORDER TAKING ASSISTANCE important?
FOR REGULAR CUSTOMERS FOR NEW CUSTOMERS FOR BUSINESS
• The customer feels recognised and valued.
• Customer is happy to get best deals and value
for money with suggestions
• Customer feels comfortable knowing staff
knows their regular order and won’t be
bothered • It makes customer feel at ease when they are
assisted with the menu choices & customization
personalising the experience for them.
• They need not go through the entire menu to
decide their order.
• They won ’t miss out on the best products on the
menu, as the TWC representative will suggest .
Hence avoids confusion in selection.
• Customers feel happy to get discounts and offers
with choice of billing options• It reduces errors and likelihood of discrepancies in
billing, refunds, or exchanges and reduces order taking
time.
• Demonstrates professionalism, attention to detail, and
a commitment to customer satisfaction.
• Ordertaking assistance will give enough time to
understand customer needs to narrow down and
suggest additional items/ offers/ any other information
(eg, about app) to the customer.
.
What happens when we miss to ORDER TAKING ASSISTANCE to our customers?
1. Inaccurate Orders: Without a standardized method for taking orders, there's a higher chance of
mistakes. This will also result in missed opportunity of suggestive selling & upselling, leading to
customer dissatisfaction & loss of customers.
2. Customer & Staff Frustration: Customers may become frustrated or annoyed if they have to
repeat their order multiple times. It can also frustrate the staff members when customers keep
changing the order.
3. Slower Service: Lack of a structured order -taking process can lead to slower order taking process
causing long queues and confusion among staff. Loss of revenueUnhappy
CustomersReputation
damage
Customers won’t
return

TWC Gold Standard | ORDERTAKING ASSISTANCE
1.Engage the customer when they approach POS counter; Confirm Dine in or Take
Away
2. Upselling (Enhancing the product –Size or customization)
E.g.-Size of the beverage, extra cheese , LTO beverage instead of regular menu
beverage
3. Suggestive Selling  (Adding more items to the bill, preferably combining Food and
Beverage together )
E.g.-Croissant to go with coffee, Lemonade to go with Sandwich
4. Repeat the Order and Confirm
5. Billing
•App Recommendation
•Applying any discount/ code/ subscription
•Preferred method of payment
•Confirmation BEFORE card swipe (if using card payment)/ count the
change back (if cash payment)
6. Table Number and approx. Order Service time (let the customer know in case it is
going to take longer than usual)
7. Thank the customer Proactively talk to customer about deciding what to order
Only 1 Upselling to be done at a time
Only 1 Suggestive Selling to be done at a time
Always repeat the order to ensure accuracy
To ensure accurate and fast billing:
•Order -taker must have good knowledge of POS system
•Help the customer with App function and app discounts
•Always confirm before swiping the card Eg–Sir, Should I
swipe the card?
•Always count change back for cash payment Eg–Sir, you
gave me 500 and here is your 250 change back.
Who should take orders? How to begin taking orders Going above and beyond Brand Value
Certified LS/ LS Trained team member who is
deployed at POS/ MOD must take the orderAsk with a gentle smile in an audible tone
of voice.
“What would you like to have today?” OR
“What can we get for you today?”Guiding the customer with new products, new
offers.
When trying a new product, assure the customer
of quality and replacement if they don’t like it TWC DOES NOT cheat the customers by
inappropriate suggestive selling OR
inflating the bill by pushing extra
products.  If the queue for ordering is 3 -deep,
2ndPOS must be open OR MOD can help
engage the customer in deciding their
orderAsk the regular customer is it the same
order
“A regular Americano with 2 shots of
espresso”You can also extend the order taking by upselling
(suggesting add -ons, different size of the
beverages) and suggesting more items, offers and
combos. Customers order can be taken at POS or through TWC app or Dine -in app .

SAMPLE SCRIPT | ORDER TAKING FOR NEW CUSTOMERS
Customer knows what they want Customer is undecided about what to order
Customers is looking at the menu/ FDU thinking what to order
1.Greet the customer
“Welcome to Third Wave” –“What can I get you today”
“Is this for Dine In or Take Away”
2. Deciding the Order
“ Can I help you choose what you would like today?”
Food -“Are you looking for veg option or non veg options”
Beverage –“Are you looking for hot or cold options”
“ Would you like to try our new <name>, it is <product one liner>”
3. Upselling (Size, Add On and Customizations)
Beverage –“Would that be Regular or Large?” OR “Would you like to add a syrup flavor/ ice cream to it?”
Food –“Would you like to add extra cheese to it?”
4. Suggestive Selling (Adding items to order, combining food and beverage items)
Customer orders Beverage –“ Would you like to try our new Hummus and Pita Platter with your Lemonade?”
Customer orders Food –“Would you like to add Cappuccino with your Pepper Chicken Sandwich?”
6. Billing
“Your total is Rs. <amount> including tax. Do you have Third Wave App / Would you like to get intro offer by using our Third Wav e App”
“ How would you like to pay? –Cash/ Card/ App Wallet/ UPI etc.”
“Can I swipe your card?” OR “You gave me XX and here’s your change XX”5. Reconfirm the Order
“Let me repeat your order, you have ordered for one Medium Cappuccino in Oat Milk with Pepper Chicken”
“Is that good to bill?
7. Table Number and Service Time
“Here’s your bill and Table Number, we will serve your order on the table”
“ We make your order fresh and hence it will take 8 –10 mins/ 10 –12 minutes for your order to be served”
8. Thank the customer
“Thank you so much”

SAMPLE SCRIPT | ORDER TAKING FOR REGULAR CUSTOMERS
1.Greet the customer
“Welcome to Third Wave, Good to see you again sir/ ma’am”
2. Decide the order
Sir, do you want to go with your regular Americano with double shot?”
3. Upselling (Size, Add On and Customizations) and Suggestive Selling
We have launched a range of new products like XXX, would you like to try?
5. Billing
“Your total is Rs. <amount> including tax. Do you have Third Wave App / Would you like to get intro offer by using our Third Wav e App”
“ How would you like to pay? –Cash/ Card/ App Wallet/ UPI etc.”
“Can I swipe your card?” OR “You gave me XX and here’s your change XX”4. Reconfirm the Order
“Let me repeat your order, you have ordered for one Medium Cappuccino in Oat Milk with Pepper Chicken”
“Is that good to bill?
6. Table Number and Service Time
“Here’s your bill and Table Number, we will serve your order on the table”
“ We make your order fresh and hence it will take 8 –10 mins/ 10 –12 minutes for your order to be served”
7. Thank the customer
“Thank you so much”
NON -PEAK HOURS PEAK HOURS
Beverages: 3 -5 mins. Beverages: 5 -7 mins
FDU: 5 -7 mins FDU: 7 -10 mins
Makeline: 7 -10 mins Makeline: 10 –12 minsApprox. Order Serving Timings

ORDER TAKING ASSISTANCE| SCENERIOS
Step Order -taking scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body
LanguageScript
Scenario • Customer is not audible.
• Customer’s accent is hard to
understand.
• Customer’s pace of speaking is
fast.
• Customer places numerous
orders without allowing enough
time for punching in on POS.Be patient, politely let the
customer know they are
not audible and ask the
customer to repeat what
they saidCalm & patient Maintain a
calm &
composed
expressionExcuse ma’am/sir, sorry to interrupt, can you please Can you
please repeat that?
Scenario Customer wants more information on
an item or items.List the ingredients of the
item. Friendly &
excitedSmile (once the customer asks for more information, eg, can you tell
me what goes into mocha choco chip) Absolutely ma’am/sir,
(describe with the one liner of the item)
Scenario Customer wants to customize an item.
Customer asks for a SMALL add on after
the food is served ( eg, adding 4 more
choco chips on the whipped cream for
the child)
Customer wants to add/ remove a
different ingredient for an item ( eg,
makhani mayo instead of spicy aioli;
sauces OR Removing Ice/ reducing ice)
OR
Heat a cold item ( egMicrowave
Cheesecake)Make a note of how the
customer wants the order
in POS (customization)Friendly, Calm &
patient  Maintain a
calm &
composed
expression. (once the customer asks to add or remove something, eg, I want
a mocha choco chip without whipped cream) Absolutely
Ma’am/Sir, anything else?
(eg, can you add 2 extra shots of espresso in Americano)
Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, that would be chargeable. Is it okay?
•(If the customer says ‘Yes’) The additional cost for
this is going to be (mention the amount).
•(If the customer says ‘No, then I don’t want) Okay
Ma’am /Sir.
Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, happy to do that.
Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, we can do that for you. Just to let you
know, all our products are especially hand -crafted to taste best.
However, changing the ingredient (sauce/ protein/ ice) may alter
the taste/ volume, is it okay?
Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, we can do that for you. Just to let you
know, the standard serving temperature of (name the item) is
(mention the temperature). If we warm it, it might alter the taste,
is it okay with you?

Step Service scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body
LanguageScript
Scenario Customer keeps
changing the order
causing long queue Be patient. Calm &
patientMaintain a
calm &
composed
expressionExcuse me ma’am/sir, while you are deciding your order,
please allow me to take the order of the other customers.
Scenario Customer wants
recommendation Food -Ask the customer, if they are looking for
veg or non -veg
Beverage -What drink would they like coffee
based or non -coffee based/ hot or cold.
What flavour are they looking for like sweet
pancakes or spicy wraps, sandwiches, etc.
Suggest 2 options of most popular options with
product one linersFriendly &
excited(once the customer asks for recommendation)
Absolutely ma’am/sir, would you like to have a hot or a cold
beverage? (hear the answer like cold) would you like coffee
based or a non -coffee -based beverage? (hear the answer like
coffee -based beverage) you can try our bestseller (mention
the beverage like Mocha Choco Chip Frappe, and mention its
one liner, or Choco Hazelnut Frappe, and mention its one
liner)
Scenario Barista must suggest
new launches.
Barista must suggest
other items or offers. Grab an opportunity while taking order to let
the customer know about the new launches/
about the order items which are usual
combinations or about the combination offersFriendly &
excitedMa’am/Sir, would you like to try our newly launched
beverage/product.
Ma’am /Sir, we have exciting offers/ combos that we have
newly launched, would you like to try it?
Scenario Customer wants to
know about different
payment modes. Explain the customer the different methods of
payment available at TWC (cash, card, UPI,
wallet, wave coins, and credit note given the
right scenarios)Friendly &
excitedAbsolutely Ma’am/ Sir, we have multiple mode of payments
(explain the different options available)
Scenario Customer wants to
change an item from
the order AFTER billing
is completedLet the customer know the order will be
refunded which will be a different transaction
but they will have to pay for billing again for the
changed order. Calm &
patientAbsolutely Ma’am/Sir, we can do that for you. For this, we
will have to cancel this order & bill which will be refunded in a
different transaction through (mention the mode like wave
coins/ UPI.)
We will have to bill it again with the changes for which you
have to pay again. Is it okay with you?
Scenario Technical issues on
POS which is slowing
down the order taking
processPolitely ask the customer to order from app/
dine in app order -scan if we have that facility.
OR ask the customer to wait for 2 mins while
you work on the issue,
OR ask the customer to get seated for few mins
till you get back to them.
OR use the manual kitCalm &
patientHave a swift
body language. We are sorry Ma’am/ Sir, I am facing some issue with the
system, could you place the order through our TWC app/ you
can place the order by scanning the QR code on table.
We are sorry Ma’am/ Sir, there is an issue with the system.
Kindly wait for 2 minutes while we sort it out/ Kindly get
seated we will get back to you in 2 minutes to take your order
(for manual kit)ORDER TAKING ASSISTANCE| SCENERIOS

Step Service scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body Language Script
Scenario Physically challenged
customer ( eg, a
customer who can’t
hear or speak; deaf or
mute/blind)The barista can ask the customer to write their
order.
(if barista is trained on sign language, can be
useful)
Explain the menu to the blind customerCalm &
patientBe patient (For deaf & mute customer) [Use sign language if you know.]
•Ask “What would you like to have?”  & take their order/
explain items if needed
•[If no sign language can be used, give them a notepad, & ask
them to write their order.]
•“What would you like to have? Can you please write your
order.”
•Follow the process of order taking with customizations if
asked.
(For blind customer) “Ma’am /Sir, what would you like to have?
•(if customer knows the order, eg, Can I have a Sea Salt
Mocha) Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, would you like to have
anything else with that?
•(if customer asks for suggestions/ to explain the menu. Eg,
can you tell me what you have on menu?) Absolutely
Ma’am/Sir, would you like hot/cold beverage; veg/non -veg
food.
•(explain the items on menu and take their order)
Scenario Customer wants to
know how to register
on appGrab an opportunity while taking order to let the
customer know about the app and app registration
or guide the customer through the app
registration process when they askFriendly &
excitedAbsolutely Ma’am/Sir. (explain the process of app registration)
Scenario Customer wants to
recharge TWC walletGrab an opportunity while taking order to let the
customer know about the TWC wallet option and
help them with the processFriendly &
excitedAbsolutely Ma’am/Sir. (Ask for the amount which they want to
recharge and follow the process)
Scenario Customer wants
information on wave
coins and its
redemption Explain the wave coin option of payment to the
customer Friendly &
excitedAbsolutely Ma’am/Sir. (explain the process of wave coins)
Scenario Customer wants
information on
subscriptions Grab an opportunity while taking order to let the
customer know about the subscriptions.
Explain the customer about the subscription packs Friendly &
excitedAbsolutely Ma’am/Sir. (explain about subscriptions) ORDER TAKING ASSISTANCE| SCENERIOS

Friendly &
Accurate
Service
Touchpoint #3

Objective
•Accurate orders & customization: Customer is satisfied when the right order is served with accurate customizations of their order.
•Timely Service: Efficient and timely service is essential. Customers should not have to wait excessively long for their orders, and the servi cestaff should be
attentive to their needs.
•Consistency: Strive for consistency in service across different shifts and days. Customers should have a similar experience regardless of when they visit.
How does FRIENDLY AND ACCURATE SERVICE Impact?
Friendly & Accurate
ServiceCustomer is happy
with no complaintsCustomers builds
bond with the team
and TWCCustomer positively
promotes TWC to
othersCustomer loves
coming back to TWC
Why is FRIENDLY AND ACCURATE SERVICE important?
NEW CUSTOMERS EXISTING CUSTOMERS FOR TWC
• The customer feels valued.
• Customer feels comfortable as they know their
expectations will be met.
• Customer feels satisfied as their order is not
missed or inaccurate
• Customer builds a positive image of the team
and TWC• It makes customer feel comfortable & gives a sense of
belonging.
• Our customer service is a key differentiator for the
customer from other brands to feel valued.
• Good customer service leads to higher levels of
customer satisfaction. • Excellent customer service can be a key differentiator. It
sets a us apart from our competitors and can be a major
factor in customer choice.
• Satisfied customers are more likely to spend more and
make additional purchases. They are also more likely to
try new products or services offered by the business.
• Exceptional service creates a positive reputation for the
business. This can lead to increased brand loyalty and
positive word -of-mouth marketing.
What happens when we miss to provide FRIENDLY AND ACCURATE SERVICE to our
customers?
1. Customers are unhappy: If service is not accurate, friendly and fast and the
customers have to wait for longer periods, get served cold items, get served wrong
items can impact overall customer experience. Dissatisfied customers are unlikely to
return, and they may share their negative experiences with others, deterring them
from visiting as well.
2. Higher Customer Acquisition task: Acquiring new customers is generally more
expensive than retaining existing ones. When a cafe loses customers due to bad
service, it has to invest more in marketing and advertising to attract new patronsLoss of revenueNegative reviews
Reputation
damageLoss of customers

TWC Gold Standard | FRIENDLY AND ACCURATE SERVICE
All customers must be served on their tables
Who should serve? How to serve? Extension of serving? Brand Value
MOD or the Team member who is
deployed on the floor. Appear energetic, have positive body
language & have genuine smile.
Be audible and speak clearly so
customer can hear you The minimum TWC standard of serving is,
serve the right order to the right customer
within promised time & wishing enjoyment.
The extension of serving is being Proactive.
Proactively taking action for doing things
before customer asks.
E.g. Customer drops cutlery, be proactive to
provide before customer has to askTWC is a positive affirmative brand.
We believe in going the extra mile to
satisfy our customers. A simple way of
doing this is by accommodating their
requests, by saying “ABSOLUTELY” &
fulfilling their requests. And
‘THANK THE CUSTOMER’ after every
interaction with customers.TWC does not include opening the
door as mandatory deployment
positionAlways use salver to handle cutleries. 1.Confirm the name of products being served and customizations while picking
up the order from expeditor
2. Balance the products on salver in a way that you can carry them comfortably and
NO PRODUCTS FALL when being served
3. Announce your name when you arrive at the table
E.g. –Hi my name is Ramesh and I am serving your order today
4. Announce the name of the product and place the order on the table one by one
with branding facing customers for Cups. Especially announce the customization.
E.g. –Here is your Caramel Mocha with oat milk
5. Confirm if the customer needs an ything else
E.g. –If you need anything else, please do let me know
6. Thank the custom er and exit the table
E.g. –Thank you and enjoy your lunch/dinner/ meal/ coffeeSAMPLE SCRIPT
Hi, my name is Ramesh and I am serving your order today.
Here is your Caramel Mocha with oat milk, peppery chicken sandwich and
Classic cold coffee with scroop of vanilla ice cream.
Can I bring you anything else to go with this?
Thank you and enjoy your meal, if you need anything else, please fdolet
me know.

Nonverbal Cues & Actions: Proactive Scenarios
Nonverbal Cues: Notice body language/situation of the customer to understand what it says without them asking.
Observe Nonverbal Cues What does it mean?What we currently do?
(Reactive)What can we do better?
(Proactive)
Looking at watch continuously &
tapping feet/ looking around Customer might be getting late & wants
to leave fast
OR
Customer is getting impatient while
waiting for their order & the order might
be delayed.We wait till the customer calls us &
inquiries about their order & then we
update the status.Check on their order status with
expeditor. Approach the customer
& inform them why the order is
delayed & inform the status.
Picking/ taking out a certain
ingredient from the product served Customer may have received something
which is of not their liking/allergic.
OR
Their customization/special instructions
are not followed.We wait till the customer calls us &
informs the problem.Check for the customization in the
KOT, Approach the customer & ask
what happened. Replace the
order if needed.
Customer has unfinished/leftover
food/beverage at the time of
leaving table/ asking for clearance Customer might be full
OR
Customer might not have liked the
productWe wait for the customer to call us &
request for packing the leftover
product.
We either ignore or wait until the
customer call us & informs the
problem.
We ignore the leftovers and clear the
table Approach the customer & take
feedback about the product. If
positive, then ask if they would
like to pack the leftover food.
Approach the customer & take
feedback. If it is negative, then,
offer to replace the product.
Customer is looking around to get
attention of any team memberCustomer has a
request/concern/problem We wait for the customer to call us &
talk about their
request/problem/concernApproach the customer & ask
them if they need something/how
can we help them
Customer made an unpleasant
expression after tasting our
product. Customer might not have liked the
product.
OR
Product may not be good (Stale, taste
not good, cold etc)We wait for the customer to call us &
informs the problem.Approach the customer & take
feedback. Replace the product if
required.
Customer spoon/fork fell on floor
by mistake Customer does not have cutleries to use
now. We wait for the customer to call us &
request for more cutleries Approach the customer & provide
a fresh set of spoon/fork
Big group of customers enter the
storeThe customer may require bigger table. We wait for the customer to call us &
request to club more chairs at a table. Offer to rearrange the tables to
accommodate the group
To address these non -verbal cues, we should be attentive to the customers’ needs & body language when in the counter or on floor .

FRIENDLY AND ACCURATE SERVICE | SCENERIOS
Step Service scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body Language Script
Scenario Serving order to a big
group of people•Announce your name
•Confirm the table number
•Announce the item name with
any customization and place in
front of relevant customer
•Place the shareables in the
middle of table
•Thank the customerCalm &
friendly Hold the salver
properly while
serving,
Handle the plates,
glasses & cups with
care.
Bend slightly when
placing the order on
the table. Hi Ma’am/Sir, Regular cappuccino (customer
raises hand/ says that’s mine, Place the
cappuccino in front of her) [continue the same]
(Place the food in the middle of the table)
Scenario Customer offers tip Thank & apologize to the customer
& let them KNOW we have no tip
policyFriendly Thank you, Ma’am/Sir, we appreciate your
support but sorry we do not accept tips.
Scenario The customer asks to
order more items
when you are serving.Accept the request by asking the
customer to come to counter to
place the order, punch the same on
POS & serve.
Punch the order on POS & serveFriendly &
excited Nod you head as
you accept the
order(Customer asks, “Can I also have a Banana
Walnut Cake)
Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, may I please request you
to place the order at the counter.
(If the customer pays the cash at table & asks
you to order & serve an item)
Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, we can do that for you.
Scenario •The customer is
impatient and
complains about
order is delayed.
•The customer was
served cold
food/wrong orderApologize to the customer & check
on the order Apologetic Have a swift body
language Delay -I am really sorry for the delay, allow me
to get it for you immediately
Wrong/Cold Order –I am really sorry for this,
let me resolve this for you immediately
Can I look at your bill/ table number and
reconfirm
Scenario The customer
complains about the
food/beverage
quality (stale food)Apologize to the customer &
replace the order.
Remove the product from the table
& carry it on a salverApologetic Have a swift action I am really sorry for this, allow me to replace
this for you immediately

FRIENDLY AND ACCURATE SERVICE | SCENERIOS
Step Service scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body
LanguageScript
Scenario The customer wants extra
cutleryAccept the request Friendly Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, I will get it for you.
Scenario The customer complained
about a foreign object found
in their order,
a. Hair strand
b. Insects
c. Glass/ rock etc Apologize to the customer &
replace the order.
REMOVE THE FOOD PRODUCT
OF COMPLAINT FROM
CUSTOMER’S TABLE
IMMEDIATELY!Apologetic Have a
swift
actionI am extremely sorry for this. Allow me to get my
supervisor for resolving this.
Scenario
Scenario to
be
proactiveCustomer asks to
pack/parcel/takeaway the
leftover food.
------------------------------------
Customer has
unfinished/leftover
food/Beverage.
(Because they were unable to
finish it)
Customer has
unfinished/leftover
food/Beverage.
(Because they did not like it.)Accept to pack it if customers
request.
--------------------------------------
Approach the customer & take
feedback about the product. If
positive, then ask if they want
to pack the leftover food.
Approach the customer & take
feedback. If it is negative, then,
offer to replace the product. Calm &
friendlyMaintain a
positive
body
language Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, allow me to get this packed for you
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Ma’am/Sir, I see that some portion of your order is
remaining, can I know if you did not like the product or
something went wrong?
•(if customer says, they were unable to finish it that’s
why) Do you want me to pack it for you?
•(if customer says Yes) Absolutely Ma’am/Sir,
we will get it packed in (2 -3mins)/ give me a
moment I will get it packed.
•(If customer says NO) Absolutely no problem,
Ma’am/Sir
•(if customer says, they did not like the product) We
would like to replace it for you with the same product/
products from the same category.
•(if customer says Yes) Absolutely Ma’am/Sir,
your order will be served in (mention serving
time)
•(If customer says NO) Okay Ma’am/Sir.
Scenario to
be
proactive The order serving is delayed Check on their order at kitchen.
Approach the customer &
inform them why the order is
delayed & the serving timeFriendly Hi Ma’am/Sir, we are sorry for the inconvenience being
caused. Your order is delayed by XX mins due to large
number of orders.
Let me expedite it for you. Your order will be served in 2 -3
mins.

FRIENDLY AND ACCURATE SERVICE | SCENERIOS
Step Service scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body Language Script
Scenario
to be
proactivePicking/ taking out a certain
ingredient from the product
served Check for the customization
in the KOT, Approach the
customer & ask what
happened. Replace the order
if needed.Calm Hi ma’am/Sir, I see that you are picking out all
cabbage from the sandwich. May I know what
happened? / Is there anything wrong?
(if customer says ‘YES’, “I don’t like/ I am allergic to
Cabbage”) Can I replace this product for you? / We
can make one without it, would you like to replace it?
Scenario
to be
proactiveCustomer is looking around
to find our team memberApproach the customer &
ask them if they need
something/how can we help
themFriendly Hi Ma’am/Sir, how can I help you? /Is there anything I
can get for you?
Scenario
to be
proactiveCustomer spoon/fork fell
on floor by mistakeApproach the customer &
offer extra paper napkins. Friendly Hi Ma’am/Sir, here is your extra tissues/ spoon/ fork/
straw.
DO’S DON’TS
Read KOT, cross verify with the expeditor for all orders & accurate
customizations before servingDo not argue with the customer
Handle the salver properly & Clean table immediately after customer leaves, to
keep it ready for next customer.Do not touch customer’s child during any interaction.
Maintain genuine smile & positive body language. Do not invade customer’s personal space.
Announce the order while serving & leave the table, wishing enjoyment ( eg,
have a great lunch/ enjoy your meal or drink)
Apologize first & be polite when customers complain about any concerns &
follow up to ensure it was resolved to their satisfaction.

FEEDBACK
WITH
SOLUTIONSTouchpoint #4

Objective
1. Improve Communication and Engagement: Feedback provides a platform for open communication between TWC team and customers. It gives the
opportunity to customers to express their experience and opinions.
2. Improve Customer Satisfaction: Understanding customer opinions and concerns allows us to address any issues promptly, leading to higher levels of
customer satisfaction.
3. Mitigate Negative Reviews and Public Relations Issues: Feedback allows customer to talk about their experience which gives us the opportunity to
address customer concerns promptly. This can prevent negative feedback from spreading online or in the public domain.
4. Identify Areas for Improvement: Customer feedback can highlight specific aspects of a product or service that need enhancement, ensuring they meet
or exceed customer expectations. This could be related to quality, functionality, customer service, or other areas.
How does FEEDBACK WITH SOLUTIONS Impact?
Check back with
customersCustomer feels heard
& valuedOpportunity to
understand
customers' needsOpportunity to
improve Customer loves
coming back to TWC
Why is FEEDBACK WITH SOLUTIONS
important?
NEW CUSTOMERS EXISTING CUSTOMERS FOR BUSINESS
• Opportunity to clear product related
doubts .
• Customers can ask for anything additional
they need like straw, tissue
• Opportunity to engage with customers to
build a lasting connection• Provides an opportunity to the customer
for sharing their views about product.
• It gives the customer satisfaction of being
heard.
• It makes the customer feel valued.• Gives the opportunity to understand
customer expectations with products
• Helps to know the level of customer
satisfaction.
• Gives opportunity to streamline/narrow
down areas that can be improved.
What happens when we miss to CHECKBACK with our customers?
1. Customer would be left unheard about their experience.
2. Miss the opportunity to understand customer expectations.
3. Miss the opportunity to narrow down what needs to improved.
4. Find difficulty in understanding what can lead to loss of customers Increase in
Negative
ReviewsLosing customer
to competition
If the customer is not sharing their opinions and complaints with us,
they will be sharing it with their friends/ family and social media

TWC Gold Standard | FEEDBACK WITH SOLUTIONS
Checkback must happen for 100% tables served with products (food and beverage)
Details Gold Standard Brand Value
Who should
complete the
CHECKBACKS?Baristas/ Team Member should take feedback for the tables served by
them
TWC offers space for customers to relax and enjoy their
time over cup of coffee.
Hence, we must not force the customer for any kind of
feedback.When to
approach for
CHECKBACK?•Visually Confirm –Customer has consumed approx. 1/3rdof beverage
•Visually Confirm –Customer has consumed approx. 1/3rdof food
product/ other products
•Do not approach the customer, if
•They are deeply engaged in conversation with someone
•They are on phone call
Completing Checkback | Process & Script
Step 1 –Say
“ I hope you are having a good time, how is your <name of
beverage> and <name of food>  today?If there are more than 2 products on the table:
“ I hope you are having a good time, how is the quality of your
meal today”
Positive Feedback Negative Feedback Additional help required
Step 2 –Say
“ Great to hear that, please let me
know if there is anything I can help you
with”Step 2 –Say
“ I am really sorry for <<the issue>>, allow me
to make it right for you”
Eg–I am really sorry that coffee is not hot
enough, let me make it right for you. Step 2 –Say
Customer –Can I get some tissues?
“Absolutely, let me get it for you.”
“Please let me know if you need anything”
*also refer to complaint handling module to
make it right for the customer
Primary Solution : Replacement (All team members are empowered to replace
product for the customer if they are unhappy)

Situation Do’s Don’t’s
APPROACHING CUSTOMER FOR
CHECKBACKSApproach o nly once the customer is done with their
conversation or appears to be composed. Don’t approach when customer is engaged in an ongoing
audio/video call.
Approach the customer after they have consumed
approx. 1/3rdof the products served.Don’t approach when customer is engaged in a
conversation with the someone else on their table.
Don’t approach when customer appears to be upset or
emotional.
WHILE TAKING FEEDBACKAlways approach with Smile. Be patient and polite.
Maintain positive body language.
• Eg-back of the palm on top of each other, being in
an audible distance (not too close)Don’t display negative emotions (impatience, annoyance,
grumpy face)
Don’t be rude to the customer if they don’t want to give
the feedback
Respect the personal space of the customers. Maintain 2 -
3 feet distance from the customer while interacting with
them.Do not pressurize/persuade/force the customer or make
the customer feel uncomfortable to give the feedback
Ask right questions which is essential to understand
customer experience and opinions & note them
down/provide them with the feedback form.Do not engage in unprofessional/personal conversation
with the customer.
FOR POSITIVE FEEDBACKAsk customer if they are comfortable to share the same
feedback online.Do not force to post it online.
Let the customer know we are happy to have them again. Do not force them to bring more people.
FOR NEGATIVE FEEDBACKApologize first & offer them to provide with a
replacement of the product. Do not speak rudely.
Account for the replacement on POS. Do not lose patience.
Offer other solutions like replacement with other
product/refund.

CHECKBACK | SCENERIOS
Checkback must happen for 100% tables served with products (food and beverage)
Step Feedback Action/Sequence Tone Body L Script for positive feedback Script for negative feedback
Scenario Regular
CustomerApproach the
customer without
disturbing.Friendly &
excitedWave at the
customer
with a smile.✓Say: Hello (Mention Name/Ma'am/sir) “I hope
you are having a good time, how is your
<name of beverage> and <name of food>
today?
✓If he/she says “It’s good”, Say “Great to hear
that, please let me know if there is anything I
can help you with”✓If he/she says “No, I did not like this”
Say “I am really sorry; can you tell me what went
wrong/what happened? (hear customers reply)
✓Say, “ I am really sorry for <<the issue>>, allow me
to make it right for you”
✓If he/she says ‘Yes’ replace with fresh product of the
same
----------------------------------------------------------------------
✓If he/she says ‘Yes, can I have a different item’
(example, cappuccino instead of latte)
✓Say, ‘Absolutely! I will get it for you rightaway ”
----------------------------------------------------------------------
✓If he/she says ‘Yes, can I have a different item’
(example, Wrap instead of Veg puff)
✓Say, “Absolutely, though if you like to have anything
from a different category, we will have to charge for
the additional amount”
--------------------------------------------------------------------
✓If the customer says ‘No’ for the replacement
✓Ask “Would you like anything else?”
✓If customer says ‘Yes’ take the second order
✓If customer says ‘No’.
✓Say, “Thank you for your valuable feedback. Let us
know if you want anything. I am around
--------------------------------------------------------------------
✓If the customer has not consumed the product when
you go to take the feedback and does not want a
replacement, an asks for refund
✓Say, “Sure, let me get my supervisor for you ”
✓Explain the details to MOD so the customer doesn’t
have to repeat Scenario Group of
working
professionals/
teenagers/
family/ adults Approach from the
side where you are
visible and it is
easy to conversate.
Whom to take
feedback from -
➢ Groups:
Take
feedback from
the customer
who is actively
conversing
with us.
➢ Family:
Children,
old age people,
ladies and
gents(adults)Friendly &
excited.
Modulate
voice so
the all can
hear you
yet not
disturbing
to other
tables Walk to the
table with a
smile Groups :
✓Say: “ I hope you all are having a good time,
how is the quality of your meal today”
✓If they say ‘It’s Good’
✓Continue with “Great to hear that, please let
me know if there is anything I can help you
with”
✓If they say ‘Yes’, take their second order
✓If they say ‘No’. Say “Thank you for your
valuable feedback. Have a good time”
--------------------------------------------------------------------
----
Family :
✓Say: Hi, hope you are enjoying. (Ask children)
did you like the (name the drink/food/ use
‘this’). Was it yummy? / Which is your
favourite in this? (if child says ‘Yes’)
✓Say, “Glad to hear that”.
✓Ask adults “Sir/Ma’am, hope you enjoyed your
order. If they say ‘Yes’.
✓Continue with “We are happy to hear that.
Would you like anything else?”
✓If they say ‘Yes’, take their second order
✓If they say ‘No’. Say “Thank you for your
valuable feedback. Have a good time”

FEEDBACK WITH SOLUTIONS | SCENERIOS
Checkback must happen for 100% tables served with products (food and beverage)
Step Feedback Action/
SequenceTone Body
Language Script for positive feedback Script for negative feedback
Scenario Unaccompanied
customer Approach the
customer
without
disturbing.Friendly &
excitedWalk to the
table with a
smile✓“I hope you are having a good time, how is your
<name of beverage> and <name of food>  today?
✓If he/she says “It’s good”, Say “Great to hear that,
please let me know if there is anything I can help
you with”“Hi Sir/Ma’am, how can I help you?”
Customer says, “I did not like this? / What is
this?” (If customer complains)
(Follow the script above)
Scenario When customer
calls to give
feedbackApproach the
customer
with a smileFriendly Walk to the
table with a
smile“Hi Sir/Ma’am, how can I help you?”
Customer says, “We really liked this product. Enjoying it.
Wanted to let you know”
Say, “Thank you, would you like anything else?”
If they say ‘Yes’, take their second order
If they say ‘No’. Say “Thank you for your valuable
feedback. Have a good time”  “Hi Sir/Ma’am, how can I help you?”
Customer says, “I did not like this? / What is
this?” (If customer complains)
(Follow the script above)

ENJOYABLE
EXPERIENCETouchpoint #5

Objectives
The objectives ofcustomer experience are the key goals and outcomes that businesses aim toachieve inorder tocreate positive interactions and relationships with their
customers .
1. Customer Satisfaction :Ensuring that customers arecontent with their interactions and transactions with the brand .High levels ofcustomer satisfaction often lead to
repeat business and positive word -of-mouth .Satisfied customers become advocates forthe brand .This can involve them recommending your products orservices to
others, writing positive reviews, orparticipating inreferral programs &etc
2. Customer Loyalty &Retention :Building abase ofloyal customers who consistently choose your products orservices over competitors .Loyal customers tend tospend
more and refer others toyour business .Reducing customer churn and retaining existing customers .It'soften more cost-effective toretain existing customers than to
acquire new ones .
3. Market Differentiation :Setting your business apart from competitors byoffering asuperior customer experience .This can beapowerful competitive advantage inmany
industries .
How does ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE Impact?
Why is ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE important?Great
Customer Experience  Customer
SatisfactionNew Customers & High
repeat frequencyEnhancing Brand
image through word of
mouth.
NEW CUSTOMERS EXISTING CUSTOMERS FOR BUSINESS
• A great experience will make the customer feel
the brand values them.
• Sets/meets their expectation standards• It makes the customer feel at comfort and ease.
• Makes the brand more reliable.• A good customer experience sets the tone for the
customer’s future visits.
• Compels the brand to ensure all the aspects of the
business is set right to give great experience
consistently.
• Aids the brand to be innovatively ahead of
competition.
What is included in ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE?
•Clean and well stocked washrooms
•Comfortable AC temperature
•Music at comfortable volume
•Store and furniture is clean and well maintained (not staine d, broken or
wobbly)
•Merchandise racks are fully stocked
•Clean drinking water is available
•Wi-fi and plug sockets are unbroken and workingWhat happens if customer experience is not maintained
1. The customers are dissatisfied/unhappy/annoyed.
2. The customers might feel uneasy in the new place.
3. The customer can assume a negative perception of the brand and
that customers are not valued.

TWC Gold Standard | ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE
DO’S DON’TS
Ensure the sitting area is clean, tables & chairs are arranged and cleaned. Do not increase the temperature or music levels on any one customer’s request until it
is necessary.
Ensure lightings, music & temperature are at appropriate level. Do not forget to clean the tables after each customer leaves. (CAYG)
Ensure restrooms are cleaned and there are no insects anywhere in the store (kitchen,
sitting area & restrooms)
Check interiors and raise a concern when needed.
• If there are marks on the walls which need paint or polish
• If there is any concern in the wood or iron railings in the staircase
Ensure the station is kept clean and is visible to the customer (coffee station, FDU,
menu boards, merchandise stand/rack)Do’s & Don’ts of ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCEWho attends to the
customers? When to attend to the customers? Brand Value
All team members/
MODWhenever customer has any
concerns/requests with/regarding
the brand.Give a positive response to any concerns/requests.
Start with ‘ ABSOLUTELY’
Find appropriate solutions to solve the concerns/requests
Make a note of any issues that the store manager or other teams need to address and get in touch with them
about them.

Step Welcome Action/Sequence Tone Body Language
(Maintain a genuine
SMILE throughout)Script
Scenario Customer wants to increase
the A/C temperature or
music level• Acknowledge their request & make
the necessary changes if no other
customers are around.
• Offer the customer to shift to
another table where they may feel
more comfortableFriendly &
assertiveMaintain positive body
language• Absolutely , let me increase it for
you.
• Mam/sir, since it might disturb
other customers, will you be ok
to shift to another table?
Scenario Customer complains about
insects inside the store• Apologize and shift the customers
away from that zone.
• Log a complaint on Freshdesk for
pest control immediately.Apologetic Have a swift body
languageWe are very sorry mam/sir. Let me shift
you to another table, while we take
care of the issue here.
Scenario Customer complains about
stinking restroom/ not
being cleaned Apologize and immediately deploy a team
member to clean the restrooms.Apologetic We are extremely sorry for this. We will
get it cleaned right away.
(Inform the customer once done)
Scenario Customer asks to change
the genre of music Acknowledge their request and let them
know it is controlled centrally & we do not
have an option to change the playlist.Friendly We are very sorry mam/sir, this is a
fixed playlist managed centrally in all
our stores & hence we won’t be able to
change it.
Scenario Customer complains about
wobbling or dirty furniture Apologize and offer to shift them to
another table which is not wobbling or
cleanApologetic Have a swift body
languageWe are extremely sorry for this. While
we fix this/clean this table, will you be
ok shifting to another table?
Scenario Customer informs of
spillage on the floor or
staircase by other
customers Thank the customer for informing, keep
the “caution”/ “wet floor” signboard & get
the area cleaned immediately.Friendly Absolutely , we shall clean it right away.
Thank you for letting us know. ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE| Scenarios

Step Welcome Action/Sequence Tone Body Language
(Maintain a genuine
SMILE throughout)Script
Scenario Customer wants help with
connecting wi -fi Guide the customer thru the steps of
connecting to the “guest” wi -fi.Friendly Maintain atleast 2 feet
distance while guiding the
customer. Absolutely mam/sir, let me assist you
with the Wi -Fi.
Scenario Customer has got a pet
(dog, cat, etc.,) & wants to
be seated inside the storeInform the consumer that although pets
are not permitted inside the store.
They are welcome to sit in the outdoor
space (if the store has that facility) while
monitoring the pets actions/behaviours. Friendly We are sorry mam/sir, pets are not
allowed inside the store.
Such a cute pet mam/sir, please ensure
it does not disturb other customers or .
Scenario Customer wants to know
how to use a coffee
equipment from the
merchandise (French press,
AeroPress)Accept the request & get the equipment
to demonstrate.Friendly &
excited Absolutely mam/sir, just give me a
minute, I will get the equipment to the
table. ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE| Scenarios

ENTHUSIASTIC EXITTouchpoint #6

Objective
•Customer Appreciation: Expressing gratitude shows that you value and appreciate the customer's business. It acknowledges thei r contribution to your
success.
•Positive Experience: It enhances the overall customer experience. Feeling appreciated can leave a positive impression, even a fter the transaction is
complete.
•Mitigate Negative Feedback: If a customer had any issues or concerns, thanking them can be a step towards addressing those co ncerns and potentially
turning a negative experience into a positive one.
How does ENTHUSIASTIC EXIT Impact?
NEW CUSTOMERS EXISTING CUSTOMERS FOR BUSINESS
• Creates a positive impression.
• Thanking will make them feel valued and part of
TWC family
• They will know that our team genuinely cares• It makes them feel acknowledged and
respected.
• It makes them feel recognised and valued for
being a regular loyal customer• It enhances the overall customer experience,
leaving a lasting positive impression.
• Customers feel great about coming to TWC and
come more often.Why is ENTHUSIASTIC EXIT important?
What happens if we miss to THANK our customers?
1. Customers don’t feel valued
2. Customer feels TWC and team doesn’t care
3. There is no bond between customer and TWC, hence
customer explores other competition for their businessGenuine
Thanking Seals the experience
at TWCBuilds bond between
customer and TWCGives customer a
sense of being
valued and
belongingCustomer prefers
TWC over
competition and
visits frequently
TWC Gold Standard | ENTHUSIASTIC EXIT :FOLLOW THE 2 METER RULE
All customers exiting TWC premises must be THANKED between their journey from table to exit .
Who should Thank How to Thank? Going above and beyond Brand Value
Any team member/MOD can thank the
customer.If you are within 2 meters (approx..) of
customer, smile gently with a pleasant
tone of Voice & say,
“Thank you, Sir/Ma’am. See you soon”You can also extend the Thanking by
helping/offering assistance when needed,
helping with directions, carry bags for the
customer etc. whenever possible At TWC we are grateful to every customer who
chose us. At the same time, we offer a space for
customers to relax and enjoy their time over cup
of coffee, hence we do not loudly Thank the
customer at a distance.
This can disturb other customers.TWC does not include opening the
door as mandatory deployment
positionIf its regular customer, smile gently with
audible tone of Voice
“Thank you, see you tomorrow/next
week”

DO’S DON’TS
Thank the customer within in 2 -3 feet distance when they are leaving Don’t neglect/avoid thanking a customer
Maintain a smiling face & try & make an eye contact wherever possible
Make a gesture while thanking : Wave at the customerDo’s & Don’ts of ENTHUSIASTIC EXIT
THANKING THE CUSTOMER | Scenarios
Step Thanking Action/Sequence Tone Body Language (Maintain a
genuine SMILE throughout)Script
Scenario Customer is walking
towards the door to
leave If within 2 meters, thank the customer. If
away from customer wave and show the
gesture of thank youFriendly & Wave Nod your head/wave your hand Thank you, Sir/Ma’am, See you
soon.
Scenario Customer is leaving the
table. If within 2 meters, thank the customer. If
away from customer wave and show the
gesture of thank youFriendly & Wave Nod your head/wave your hand Thank you, Sir/Ma’am, See you
soon.
Scenario Regular customer
leaving the storeIf within 2 meters, thank the customer. If
away from customer wave and show the
gesture of thank youFriendly & Wave Nod your head/wave your hand Thank you, Sir/Ma’am, See you
tomorrow/Again

Customer
Recovery
Module

Customer Satisfaction is crucial to the future of TWC, not only it helps us retain our existing customers, but it also helps us attract new ones too. This propels our business forward
and we can open more new stores, hire more people and have opportunities for our people to grow within. Satisfied customers a re “goodwill” ambassadors of the organisation , and
they buy again. Dissatisfied customers don’t buy again. They are instrumental in giving the organization a bad reputation, wh ichno marketing campaigns can iron out.
A complaint is a gift. Without complaints we will not have sufficient knowledge about how many customers are dissatisfied and why! Without insight into customer perception,
we can not react in time.
Feedback is what we get from our customers which can be about our product, service & overall experience. Feedback can be positive whic h is expressed when customers are
happy, satisfied, & had a good experience  or negative when customer is unhappy and dissatisfied.
Feedback can be either positive like we saw above or negative, both of which are equally important to us. In fact, Negative f eedback is essential to know our areas of improvement
to meet customers’ expectations. Hence, it is important to recognize and understand the significance of unfavourable reviews.  Negative feedbacks are important because, they;
1. Encouraging Open Communication:  Welcoming negative feedback encourages open communication between us and the customers. Providing customers, a space to
express their negative experience/opinions with the team is essential for us. This can be done through taking feedback in per son, comment cards, email, etc to address it
which can foster a sense of trust and transparency.
2. Help in identifying Areas for Improvement:  Negative feedback pinpoints areas of improvement for a restaurant or cafe, such as product quality, service, cleanliness, and
ambiance. Addressing this feedback enables corrective measures to prevent future issues, &  helps us identify additional training of team for development of problem -solving,
empathy, and communication skills.
3. Strengthening Reputation:  Demonstrating a commitment to addressing negative feedback shows customers that the establishment values their opinions and is dedicated to
providing  the best possible experience. This can build trust and enhance the restaurant's reputation.
Customer Feedback
Positive Feedback Neutral Feedback Negative Feedback
Your  Response :
•“We are glad to hear that Ma’am/Sir,  we will be
happy  to serve  you again .” OR "It would  be our
pleasure  to welcome  you back . Thank  you for
choosing  us."
•"We're  thrilled  that you enjoyed  your visit. Thank
you for your kind words ."
•"Thank  you for taking  the time to share  your positive
experience . We appreciate  your support .“
•Our customers'  satisfaction  is our top priority . We're
glad we could  meet  your expectations ."Eg
•I love  coming  to this café
•This is a great  coffee
•New chicken sandwich is filling and wholesomeEg
•You should open in my office building
•Why don’t you offer decaf coffee
•I wish you would allow pets
Your  Response :
•“Absolutely,  we will pass on your feedback  to our
relevant  teams”
•“Absolutely,  let me write  down  your feedback  and
share  with our seniors”Negative feedback can be of 3 types based on
severity of complaint:
Level 1–Eg–The coffee is not hot enough, the
sandwich doesn’t have enough sauce, there’s too
much ice in beverage, AC is too cold, music is
too loud.
Level 2 –Eg–Missing customizations/ missing
items, I had asked for vanilla flavor that you did
not add, You forget to serve me hummus and pita
platter etc., furniture is wobbly, cleanliness is bad
Level 3 –EgVeg customers served non veg
items, presence of foreign materials, presence of
pest, serving expired products

Why is effective handling of Negative Feedback important?
Receiving Negative Feedback is the indication that we have failed to give our best to the customer. It is a great opportunity  given to us by the customer to rectify and work on it
when it is brought to our attention.
1. Customer Retention & Satisfaction:  Effective complaint handling can lead to customer retention. When complaints are addressed promptly and satisfactorily, custo mers
are more likely to continue patronizing us and increases customer satisfaction. It can turn a negative experience into a posi tive one.
2. Enhancing Reputation:  How we handle complaints reflects our commitment to customer service and quality. A well -handled complaint can demonstrate our dedication to
our customers and our willingness to rectify mistakes.
Impacts of not handling negative feedbacks effectively ?
1. Customer Dissatisfaction:  Unresolved complaints can lead to ongoing dissatisfaction. This can result in the loss of the customer, can reduce the trust in our brand and
potential negative word -of-mouth.
2. Missed Improvement Opportunities:  Customer complaints often contain valuable feedback that can be used to make improvements in products, services, or processes .
Ignoring complaints means missing out on opportunities for growth and enhancement.
3. Escalation of Issues:  Neglecting to handle complaints can lead to escalated problems. A small issue that could have been resolved quickly may turn into a larger, more
complex problem.
4. Damage to Brand Image : A reputation for poor complaint handling can tarnish a company's brand image. It may be perceived as unresponsive, unprofes sional, or
indifferent to customer concerns
5. Loss of customers & business: Negative word of mouth has cascading effect causing not only loss of customers but also huge loss to business. Survey shows t hat a
customer will speak to 9 -15 people about their negative experience on an average which can cause a large number of  customer loss & huge loss to business.
Customer gives a negative
rating onlineIt spreads to millions of
people easily within secondsThis can cause a huge loss
to businessIn today ’s world of social media, the loss incurred will be much heavier when negative feedback reaches lakhs to crores of people in s econds. The impact of one negative comment/post online
can cost us 1000x heavier loss.
Hence, to avoid this we need to solve any negative experiences of the customer effectively.

How to handle Negative Feedback:
Now that we understand the importance & impacts of handling negative feedback, lets learn how to solve these negative feedbac ks effectively.
At TWC, we have formulated an easy way to resolve this by following a method called LEAST. This stands for
• L – LISTEN to the customer, to understand their concern . “I understand that you are not happy, could I please know what happened”
• E – EMPATHIZE with them, so that we can offer the best resolution . “I understand, this is not an ideal situation”
• A – APOLOGIZE to the customer for having gone through the situation . “I am really sorry that we have not given you a great experience today”
• S – SOLUTIONAIZE by offering appropriate resolution to the concern . “Allow me to resolve this for you immediately”
• T – THANK the customers genuinely for giving us another chance to fix the issue. “I hope we will continue to see you here and I assure of better experience in your next
visit”
Let’s follow LEAST as our unique simple method to solve any negative feedbacks effectively.
To use LEAST, it is important to understand our empowerment levels to solve the customers concerns.
EMPOWERMENT refers to, providing employees the authority to take initiative & make decisions while handling customers interac tions/resolving issues. This empowerment
should be utilized wisely by the employees to offer appropriate solutions when the customer raises a concern/complaint.
TWC empowers employees to take appropriate decisions according to role -based empowerment mentioned in the below table to ensure satisfied customers.
Role Replacement Partial Refund/Discount 100% Refund/Discount Levels of Negative Feedback
Barista Yes No No Level 1 and 2
MOD – SS Yes Yes No Level 1, 2 and 3
Store Manager Yes Yes Yes Level 1, 2 and 3Empowerment table:
•A barista has the empowerment to replace any orders to the customer for LIVE ORDERS*.
•MOD – SS has the empowerment to replace any orders & offer/issue partial refund or discount for LIVE ORDERS ONLY.
•Store Manager has the empowerment to replace any order, issue partial/100% refund or discount for any order ( LIVE &
OTHER ORDERS )
*Live orders – the orders, where the customer is still in our store.NOTE: The above table holds good for only live
orders .
FOR ANY OTHER ORDERS, ONLY STORE MANAGER
SHOULD SPEAK TO THE CUSTOMER

Complaint Handling – MOD & Above
Since a barista is empowered to offer a replacement of the order, in case of any other concerns raised, eg veg-non veg , foreign object, food borne illness, or other escalations, the MOD (SS or
SM) should be called  in immediately.
Eg – Barista – “Allow me to call my supervisor to resolve this”
The manager handling any escalation also will follow “LEAST”
Q - When should the manager involve in complaint resolution?
Manager should get involved in any of the below scenarios,
- Customer is unhappy despite of Barista offering a replacement & is expecting partial or
complete discount/refund.
- When a customer complains about non -veg product being served instead of veg product or
vice versa
- When a customer complains of finding a foreign element in their food
- When a customer complains of ill health, post consuming our product.
- Or Any situation where the barista is unable to handle & the customer is unhappy.
Q - What should the MOD do?
On getting the escalation from the barista,
- Manager to thoroughly understand the situation,
- Get the details of the incident, conversation & the solution offered by barista,
- Meet the customer & introduce themselves as the manger on duty,
o say, “Hi mam/sir, I am Rahul, I am the manager on duty”,
- Ask the customer, if he could explain the incident,
o say “May I know what exactly happened mam/sir?”
- After listening to the customer, apologize & show empathy to the customer for the experience
they have had.
o Say “We sincerely apologize for your experience mam/sir. We understand this is not a
great experience”
- Offer appropriate solution to the concern.
o In case of product related issues – Offer replacement
o In case of Veg/non -veg issues – Apologize & escalate it to the Area Manager
o Incase  of food borne illness – Apologize & escalate it to the Area Manager
o Incase  of foreign object concerns – Apologize & escalate it to the Area Manager
o Incase  of staff misbehaviour - Apologize & escalate it to the Area Manager
o Incase  of any situation where you need time to get more details – Request the
customer that you will check & get back to the customer with in “X” time
(days/hours).
- Thank the customer.IMPORTANT INFORMATION | LEGAL STANDPOINT
When handling complaints ofLevel 2and 3,keep thefollowing
points inmind that cansave thebrand from anylegal
implications:
•Diffuse the situation calmly and politely, NEVER raise your
voice on customer
•Case of Veg customer served Non Veg  Product – Remove the
wrong product IMMEDIATELY from the table before
customer can take pictures or record it
•Case of foreign particles in product -  Remove the WHOLE
product IMMEDIATELY from the table before customer can
take pictures or record it. If the customer asks to keep the
foreign particle to lodge a complaint, you can refuse it OR
check with Area Manager
•If the customer  appears  drunk  and shouting – Assertively
escort  them  out of café for any further conversation to avoid
disturbing other customers
•Never  touch  the customer,  even  in friendly  manner.  You can
shake customers hand if they offer first.
•Never  repeat  the complaint  customer  is making in your
sentence, as  the customer  may  be recording  you (video/
audio).
×DON’T SAY  – I am really  sorry  that you have  found  a
hair in your  sandwich
✓ALWAYS SAY – I am really sorry,  I understand this is
not a great experience
•If the customer is getting aggressive/ ready to hit the staff –
Assertively request the customer to maintain decorum.
NEVER threaten the customer in return

The below table shows the role based intervention.
DO’S DON’TS
Make the customer sit in a comfortable space while
giving feedbackAvoid becoming defensive or argumentative, even if
the customer is upset or angry.
Don’t Ignore or dismiss a complaint.
Ensure the customer is seated away from other
customers while giving negative feedbackDo not laugh or make fun or look at phone or play with
hair when customer is complaining.
Only commit to what you can realistically deliver. Do not assume responsibility while aggregator is
involved.
Maintain eye contact Don’t take the negative feedback personallyDO’s & DON ’Ts while handling costumer complaint:
Note -When not sure of what to do, contact your Area Manager immediately.

Scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body Language Script
DINE – IN
The customer complains that order
is delayed.
The customer complains that they
were served wrong orderApologize to the customer & check on the
order on KOT/POSApologetic Have a swift body
language Barista - I am sorry Ma’am /Sir that you had to wait for long, give me a
moment let me check and get your order immediately.
Barista - I am sorry that your order is missed, Can I look at your bill/ table
number to confirm the order with kitchen?
The customer complains about the
food/beverage ( stale food)Apologize to the customer & replace the
order.
Remove the product from the table &
carry it on a salverApologetic Have a swift body
language Barista - I am extremely sorry for this. Allow me to replace your order
immediately
Customer complains of
customization not being followedApologize to the customer & replace the
order with appropriate customizationApologetic Have a swift body
languageBarista - I am extremely sorry for this. Allow me to replace your order
immediately
Customer complains about not liking
the food Apologize & take feedback from the
customer. Offer to replace the product.MOD - We are really sorry  to hear that you didn't enjoy your order. We
truly value your feedback. Could you please let me know what specifically
you didn't like about the order? (listen to the customers concerns)
Allow me to replace this for you, would you like me to replace this with
the same product/ any other product from same category?
(if customer says Yes) Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, let me bring it to you in X
minutes (mention serving time)
(If customer says NO) Okay Ma’am/Sir, what can I do to help in this
situation?
MOD - Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Your feedback is
invaluable to us, and we'll take steps to ensure this doesn't happen again.
The customer complained about a
foreign object found in their order,
•Hair strand
•Insects like lizard
Ingredients which isn’t a part of the
item recipe (crumbs on cappuccino)Apologize to the customer, remove the
faulty product immediately & replace the
order. Apologetic Have a swift body
language Barista – I am really sorry , let me get my manager for this immediately.
MOD - I am extremely sorry for this. This does not represent our TWC
quality standards  and I am going to investigate this thoroughly. In the
meanwhile, let me make this right for you by replacing this product
immediately
Customer complains about staff
being rudeApologize to the customer ApologeticMOD –I am really sorry on my team;s behalf, this is not our usual service
standards. I will make sure my team is better trained. Can I offer you
something to make this situation better for you?How to handle complaints –Scenarios

Scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body Language Script
DINE – IN
Customer complains about insects
inside the storeApologize and shift the customers away
from that zone.
Log a complaint on Freshdesk for pest
control immediately.Apologetic Have a swift
body languageBarista/ MOD - I am very sorry mam/sir. Let me shift you to another
table, while we take care of the issue here.
Customer complains about
stinking restroom/ not being
cleaned Apologize and immediately deploy a
team member to clean the restrooms.Apologetic Barista/ MOD - I am extremely sorry for this. Allow me to  get it cleaned
right away.
(Inform the customer once done)
Customer complains about
wobbling or dirty furniture Apologize and offer to shift them to
another table which is not wobbling or
cleanApologetic Have a swift
body languageBarista/ MOD - I am extremely sorry for this. While we fix this/clean
this table, will you be ok shifting to another table?
Customer complains about wi -fi
not workingApologize & check with the concerned
team Apologetic Have a swift
body languageBarista/ MOD - I am sorry mam/sir, give me sometime/a moment, let me
check on this & get back to you.
Ask the customer to check their system settings, refresh and connect
again.
Customer complains about TWC app
not working (issues in scanning,
paying, packs, redeeming offers,
discounts, wave coins, credit note, gift
card)Apologize to the customer & assist with
appropriate solution ApologeticBarista/ MOD – I am sorry Ma’am/Sir, give us a moment I will look into  it.
May I request you to restart the app/update the app/check your network
(If there are technical issues from our end, inform the customer of the same)
We are sorry Ma’am/Sir, our server is facing some issues, I request you to
kindly wait for some time while we fix this.
HOME DELIVERY SCENERIOS
Customer calls to inform/request
changes in the order placed (add
or remove items, customizations)
through aggregator like Swiggy ,
Zomato, uber eats, etcAcknowledge their concern & ask them to raise
complaint through the aggregatorInformative &
formalAbsolutely Ma’am/Sir we can do that for you. May I kindly request you
to raise the request through the app you ordered from only then we can
proceed with this.
(For Customizations)  Just so you know this can alter the taste &
quantity of the beverage/product.
•Customer complains of long
delivery time shown on the app
•Order being delayed by delivery
partner
•Delivery partner being unreachable
•Customer complains about order
not being deliveredAcknowledge their concern & ask them to raise
complaint through the aggregatorInformative &
formal(inform the status) examples,
•May I kindly request you to raise the request through the app you ordered
from.How to handle complaints –Scenarios

Scenario Action/Sequence Tone Body Language Script
HOME DELIVERY SCENERIOS
Customer calls to inform/request changes in
the order placed (add or remove items,
customizations) through aggregator like
Swiggy , Zomato, uber eats, etcAcknowledge their concern & ask
them to raise complaint through
the aggregatorInformative &
formalAbsolutely Ma’am/Sir we can do that for you. May I kindly request you
to raise the request through the app you ordered from only then we can
proceed with this.
(For Customizations)  Just so you know this can alter the taste &
quantity of the beverage/product.
•Customer complains of long delivery time
shown on the app
•Order being delayed by delivery partner
•Delivery partner being unreachable
•Customer complains about order not being
deliveredAcknowledge their concern & ask
them to raise complaint through
the aggregatorInformative &
formal(inform the status) examples,
•May I kindly request you to raise the request through the app you ordered
from.
•Customer complains about not liking the
products
•Customer complains of missing items
from the order
•Customer complains of portion size
•Customer complains about finding
foreign object in their beverage/food
•Customer has received a wrong
order/stale product
•Customer complains of customization not
being followed
•Customer complains of spillage of the
order deliveredAcknowledge their concern & ask
them to raise complaint through
the aggregatorInformative &
formal•We are very sorry for the inconvenience caused. May I kindly request you to
raise the request through the app you ordered from.
Customer raises a refund request/complaint Acknowledge their concern & ask
them to raise complaint through
the aggregatorInformative &
formal•Ma’am/Sir, May I kindly request you to raise the request through the app you
ordered from.
The customer's ordered item is not available
in the store and was not displayed on the app
at the time of ordering.Acknowledge their concern & ask
them to raise complaint through
the aggregatorInformative &
formal•Ma’am/Sir, May I kindly request you to raise the request through the app you
ordered from.
Customer is not able to place the order/
see order accepted confirmation or
acknowledgementAcknowledge their concern & ask
them to raise complaint through
the aggregatorInformative &
formal(Inform if we have accepted the order or not/ if we have received the request for
the order and inform to raise complaint on the app if there are technical issues)
•May I kindly request you to raise the request through the app you ordered
from.How to handle complaints –Scenarios

POWER OF
SAYING
YESCx MODULE

What is a “YES”
Brand?
A "Yes brand " is a type of brand that is known for its
•unwavering positivity,
•customer -centric approach,
•willingness to go above and beyond consistently
•solution -oriented attitude.
A "Yes brand" goes beyond conventional customer
service and actively seeks opportunities to proactively
meet customer needs, exceed expectations, and build
lasting relationships. This brand consistently
communicates in a positive manner, seeks appropriate
solutions, and fosters an atmosphere of empowerment,
collaboration, and open -mindedness.
Ultimately, a "Yes brand" is one that aligns its values
with a proactive and affirmative attitude/principles ,
both internally and in its interactions with customers,
creating a distinct and memorable identity in the
market.

Provides foundation for customer satisfaction Conveys our accommodating service mindset & problem -solving
attitudeGives opportunity to connect with the customersIt affirms positivity
Customer feels valuedPower of saying ‘YES’
CUSTOMERS BUSINESS
➢ Makes them feel heard.
➢ Makes them feel positive/ less negative.
➢ Makes them feel welcomed, valued &
belonged.
➢ Makes them witness our accommodating
service/ Allows them to experience our
accommodative service/ Shows them our
accommodative service.
➢ It enhances customer experience.
➢ It fosters trust from consistent experience.➢ It creates positive attitude & environment.
➢ It gives the opportunity to solve & fulfil
customers concerns & requests with a
positive attitude.
➢ It builds relationship with customers.
➢ Sets the brand standard.How saying ‘YES’impacts?
Power  of being  a YES  Brand!
• Enhances  Customer  Experience : Being  a "yes brand"  means  prioritizing  customer  needs  and providing  a
positive,  personalized  experience . This leads  to higher  customer  satisfaction  and a stronger  connection  with
the brand  as they feel valued .
• Increases  Customer  Loyalty : When  customers  consistently  receive  positive  responses  to their requests,  they
are more  likely  to remain  loyal  and continue  doing  business  with the brand . This leads  to higher  customer
retention  rates .
• Creates  Positive  Reputation  and Brand  Image : A reputation  for being  responsive,  accommodating,  and
customer -centric  can enhance  the brand's  image . It sets the brand  apart  in the eyes of consumers  and can lead
to positive  word -of-mouth  marketing .
• Increases  Customer  Lifetime  Value : Accommodating  customer  requests  can lead to higher  customer  lifetime
value . Satisfied  customers  are more  likely  to make  repeat  purchases  and potentially  spend  more  over time.
• Resolves  Concerns  Effectively : Being  open  to customer  requests  can be a powerful  tool for resolving
complaints  or issues . It shows  that the brand  is committed  to finding  solutions  and ensuring  customer
satisfaction .
• Positive  Word  of Mouth  Online  Reviews  and Ratings : Happy  customers  are more  likely  to leave  positive
reviews  and high ratings  on platforms  like Yelp,  Google  Reviews,  and social  media . Satisfied  customers  are
more  likely  to recommend  your business  to others . This can improve  the brand's  online  reputation  and attract
new customers .
• Reduces  Customer  Frustration : Saying  "yes"  when  it's appropriate  can help reduce  customer  frustration .
When  customers  feel heard  and their concerns  are addressed,  they are less likely  to become  upset

Becoming
YES
BRANDMaintaining
positive
language
Offering
personalized
suggestions
with  their
preferences
Customer
Centric
Approach
Practicing
problem -
solving
attitudeEnsuring
appropriate
communication
with customersListening
actively to
their feedback
concerns, and
suggestionsNOTE:
Becoming a "YES
BRAND" is not a
one-time effort
but an ongoing
commitment to
customer
satisfaction and
positive
interactions.

Scenarios Script
Customer asks to help arrange a large table for large group Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, we will do that for you.
Customer wants to a different ingredient for an item (eg sauces/ice for non -ice
beverage/ no ice for an iced beverage)Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, we can do that for you. Changing the ingredient (sauce/
protein/ ice) will alter the taste / temperature or fill quantity for the beverage , is it
okay?
Customer wants to increase / decrease  the A/C temperature or music level Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, let me increase it for you
OR
Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, give me a moment I will check what I can do
Customer asks to pack the leftover food. Absolutely Ma’am/Sir, we will do that for you.How & when to use “ABSOLUTELY ”
•Accept & accommodate every request of the customer by saying “Absolutely ”.
•Respond to every interaction/conversation with the customer saying “Absolutely ”.
•Even in situations where the obvious response is NO, we will begin our response with ‘ABSOLUTELY ’
Examples for using “ABSOLUTELY ”

Cx Engagement,
Recognition Guidelines

Performance Recognition and Incentive:
QUARTERLY
ANNUALLY

Each Area Manager carefully assesses and picks customer experience Stories / Verbiages for his patch.
Post screening, the AM nominates ONE person along with the customer accolade for his respective patch for the month.
Regional Managers finally choose
Leaderboard publishing Frequency              Happy Stories / Instance should have a legitimate supporting
             This to be sent by the 5th of every month without fail
             8 – South / 4 – North / 4 – West
             Fortnightly
 How does the nomination work?
Performance Recognition and Incentive:
MONTHLY

Service Recovery

Reports,
Audits,
& Governance

Café Total
OrdersNeutral
RatingNegative
RatingCPI
Score
Café 1 1000 2 4 6.0Customer Pulse Index
As you are aware, we currently use multiple platforms like Dine-In / App / QR Code / Swiggy / Zomato / Feedback calling etc. to monitor / measure customer satisfaction scores.
That being said, Customer Pulse Index (CPI) will be a new lens to look at customer satisfaction scores.
Why launch Customer Pulse Index (CPI)?
 In conjunction to this existing process, CPI will become a ‘Single-metric’ approach to assess and analyse overall customer sentiment for the brand.
How is it measured?
Data scope: Ratings from ALL platforms will be considered.
Data Input: ONLY Neutral & Negative ratings will be computed (i.e. Rating 1 / 2 / 3)
Measuring CPI: Total of (Neutrals + Negatives) per 1000 orders
CPI Score example:
Basis the CPI score Outlets will get bucketed into Top Quartile / Mid Quartile / Bottom Quartile / PIP
Bifurcation of the standings will have a drill down by Outlet / by AM / for both Dine-In and HD categorically
Phase I (Aug’23) : CPI as a Metric will be monitored and Reported on a weekly basis.
Phase II (Sep’23) : CPI will be constructed within PowerBI for Daily / Weekly / Monthly frequency
What are the performance buckets this metric with comprise of?
Reporting & Way forward

Net Promoters Score
TWC NPS:
Medium: Survey done through a Call
TG: Customers who visited day -1 / -2
Sampling: 3000 Samples per month
Approach
The Question: NPS is based on a single, straightforward question: "On a scale of 0 to 10, how likely are you to recommend [company/product/service] to a friend or colleague?"
Scoring:
Promoters (score 9-10): These are customers who are highly satisfied with the product or service and are likely to recommend it to others.
Passives (score 7-8): These are customers who are somewhat satisfied but not enthusiastic. They are less likely to actively promote or criticize the product or service.
Detractors (score 0-6): These are customers who are dissatisfied and may not recommend the product or service. They may even discourage others from using it.
Calculating NPS:
NPS is calculated by subtracting the percentage of Detractors from the percentage of Promoters. The result can range from -100 (if everyone is a Detractor) to +100 (if everyone is
a Promoter). A higher NPS indicates higher customer loyalty and satisfaction.
NPS = % Promoters - % Detractors
Interpreting the Score:
A positive NPS is generally considered good, with scores above +50 seen as excellent.
A score between 0 and +50 is considered good but leaves room for improvement.
A negative score suggests that there are more Detractors than Promoters, indicating that there may be significant issues to address.
Continuous Feedback: NPS is often collected on a regular basis to track changes in customer sentiment over time. It can be used to identify areas for improvement and to assess the
impact of changes in products or services.

Rewarding and recognizing outstanding customer service is a great way to motivate and encourage TWC café staff to provide exceptional service, to boost morale and create a positive
work environment.
How does the nomination work?
Each Area Manager carefully assesses and picks customer experience Stories / Verbiages for his patch.
Happy Stories / Instance should have a legitimate supporting
Post screening, the AM nominates partners along with the customer accolade for his respective patch
This to be sent every Monday
Regional Managers finally choose from received nominations as below
2 – South / 1 – North / 1 – West
Leaderboard publishing Frequency
Weekly
Performance Recognition will roll into the Quarterly R'n' R programme.CX Champs

TWC
Skill Mapping
Process

What isSkill Mapping?
Skill Mapping isaconsistent way ofevaluating team members onthecritical skills required todojob.This helps inidentifying skill levels and development
opportunities forteam members .
Benefits :
•Promotes Transparency –Skill mapping isatransparent way forteam members toknow their skill levels and work onthem togain expertise
•Movement tonext level –Employees canmove tonext level when they have achieved required skill setcombined with performance inthestore
•Training Need –Store Managers canascertain training needs fortheir store and work with regional trainers tofillthegap
How isSkill Mapping Completed?
Skill Mapping isdone through a2-step verification process .
1.Step 1SOC Completion -Allemployees areevaluated oncritical skills using Station Observation Checklist (SOC) that determines their knowledge and skill
levels onTWC standards .SOC hasquestions that checks theknowledge levels –Process, recipes, scripts etc.along with understanding ofwhy wedowhat we
do.Italso hasskill check demonstration ofcompleting atask likemaking coffee orproduct orcomplete acustomer interaction etc.The scores arerecorded in
SOC sheet .There are6SOC intotal
2.Step 2–Trainer Skill Assessment –Once theemployee hascompleted any SOC, their skill isvalidated byRegional Trainer using Skill Assessment sheet .The
trainer willrecord SOC scores and Skill Assessment score online .There are3Trainer Skill Assessment intotal .
Critical Skills Announced / Unannounced SOC Trainer Skill Assessment
Barista •Coffee Skills (4 SOC)
•Product Skills (1 SOC)
•Customer Experience Skills (1
SOC)Completed by Buddy Trainer Regional Trainer
Buddy Trainer/ MT Completed by MOD (SS/ASM/SM) Regional Trainer
Shift Supervisor Completed by ASM/SM Regional Trainer
ASM Completed by SM Regional Trainer
Store Manager Completed by Area Manager Regional Trainer
Tr./ Area Manager Completed by Regional Manager Regional Trainer
FREQUENCY OF COMPLETION -QUARTERL Y
Scoring Metrics
Soc Scoring Matrix0%-75% 76% -80% 81% -90% 91% -100%
Fail Beginner Skill level Intermediate Skill Level Expert Skill Level
When a team member scores 100% in all 6 SOCs in a quarter (in first attempt), they are titled
“CHAMPION”Total 6 SOCs

SKILL MAPPING FOR NEW EMPLOYEES | PROCESS
Types
Announced SOC
Unannounced SOCEligibility
All PT/FT employees
All employees who has cleared
announced SOCFrequency
Immediately post the completion of
the OJT plan
After Qualifying the announced
SOC Stake Holder
Buddy Trainer
MODSOC
Stations SOCs
Coffee Station Hot Bar Station 1 & 2, Cold Bar Station & Slow Bar Station
Food Station Product Station
Customer Experience Station Customer Experience Station Total -6 SOC
Flow  of the Process•OJT
COMPLETION
•Coffee, Product
& CxSections
As & when OJT
is complete•Announced SOC
by BT/ MODAs & when
Announced SOC
is cleared•Unannounced
SOC to be
conducted by
MOD
As & when
Unannounced
SOC is cleared•Assessment to be
conducted by the
Regional TrainerSM Informs RT
•‘Basic Barista
Certification’ once
all 6 SOC + Trainer
Skill Assessment
completed
BASIC BARISTAPASS
PASSPASS
Basic Barista Certification
• SOC Completion –6Announced
and Unannounced
• Trainer Skill Assessment –3
(Coffee, Product, Cx)

Cconsequence  Management
Announced SOC TraineeEligible for Unannounced
SOC
Gets 1 extra day to prepare
for  next Announced SOCEligible for Unannounced
SOC
Refer to respective HRBP
Unannounced SOC TraineeEligible for Final
Assessment
Gets 1 extra day to prepare
for next Unannounced
SOCEligible for Final
Assessment
Refer to respective HRBP
Final Assessment TraineeCertified as ‘ BASIC BARISTA ’
Refer to respective HRBP

SKILL MAPPING FOR EXISTING EMPLOYEES | PROCESS
Existing Employees are required to complete only ANNOUNCED SOC every quarter, completion status is governed by Store Manager.
Step 1 –Completion of 6 SOCs within 3 months.
•Existing employees gets total of 3 attempts to clear SOC. If unsuccessful, they must be referred to Area Manager & Regional T rainer
Step 2 –Completion of 3 Trainer Skill Assessment within 3 months
•Existing employees gets total of 1 attempt to clear Trainer Skill Assessment. If unsuccessful, they must be referred to Area Manager and
Regional Training Manager
• Trainers will upload all scores for each employee on TWC Bloom, for SOCs and Trainer Skill Assessment
Reports
-Individual employee skill will be visible under each employee’s account in TWC Bloom
-Consolidated regional reports willbeavailable toOps and Training every fortnight
-Training Plans willbesynced with Bottom Quartile Skill-setofemployee s
Station Duration To be completed
Food 4th Dec to 18th Dec Announced SOC & Assessments
Coffee 19th Dec to 15th Jan Announced SOC & Assessments
Customer Experience 16th Jan to 15th Feb Announced SOC & AssessmentsTimelines for Current Launch

